Minutes from 1/6/2017 meeting

12:30pm - 1:30pm

Present: Client, Matt Redmond, Chris Hein, Matt Hutchinson, Andrew Rehberg, Lech Krzywonos (showed up and sat in as member of rotary club)

- Introductions
- Client explained the basics behind the purpose of the rotary club yearbook and what it is
- Client requested an automated email system to notify the rotary club when info regarding picture is updated and when a new picture is updated, prior to being billed
- Desired approval/billing to be: user sends in image for approval -> image is reviewed and approved -> rotary club approves via site and billing is carried out automatically
- Size of ads we have to account for are 1/6 page, 1/3 page, 2/3 page and full page (section for each suggested)
- Client requested an automated invoice be sent to the user prior to being charged, after uploading their image
- Client mentioned due to previous issues with users contact info, that email and/or phone contact as well as identification of the specific business should be required for each image
- Client suggested viewable access to admin end for members of rotary club but admin access based on who is actually in charge of the page. users should be limited to their own section
- Client requested a better visual layout to their admin end, this should be high on our priority list
- Client requested customization for what each user views on admin end, that updates as businesses confirm that they want to buy an ad. eg: client list is retained whether they buy an ad or not for potential future use but admin end updates with who has ad and related info as they sign up initially or renew an ad/want new ad
- Once info is saved, user needs to be able to see image and text info they entered so they can approve it prior to info being sent to rotary club
- Client mentioned in addition to requiring email addresses from users, something should be implemented to ensure that said email is actually valid (verification email sent out perhaps, like steam does when you log in from a new computer?)
- Client mentioned it didn't matter if we worked with what already existed or scrapped it and built our own site, we agreed to look over the provided code over the weekend before making a decision on that
- Lech joined meeting, reitered several of the previous things mentioned as well as confirming the need for businesses to be required to identify themselves in each image and provide valid contact info. Mentioned a few past incidents that make this a high priority requirement
- Group discussed poor layout of admin end and noted it had to be changed, client confirmed we have essentially free reign for that side of things provided we ensure the necessary info is present. Client mentioned one of the reason the layout was done that way was due to it also being used to generate manual reports
- Group discussed minor formatting issues and layouts but agreed this would be discussed in more detail later
- Group agreed that we would have monthly or bi-monthly meetings with client. Specifics on that decision on hold until we've had a chance to look over the site and code in more detail and decide exactly what we're going to do. Then we'll agree to a meeting schedule with client and get a sign off for our development plan
- Meeting ajourned
- Had short discussion with group about the git, jira agile sprints and project charter requirements, reminded everyone they were mentioned in the agenda and to take a look at them